01_notes.md, before:

# To do:
- Ask teacher:
    level of complication:
        + Can we assume all nodes have access to the same music files and just control that they play those music files at the same time?
            We can assume all nodes have all the files. We don't need to do everythimng, but acknowledge the things
        + If not, then we will have a central node
    People behind computers making choices: the nodes will not need to decide all that much.
        + Would that be okay?
            People can make the decisions, don't overthink, have simple scenario
    What exactly do we have to submit for the 15th the topic thing?

# Notes:

Achitecture:
    Decentralised peer to peer

Middleware:
    Sockets
    Not websockets because they are for web
    We will not use message-based systems because we want real-time communication

General idea:
    Each node has their own music files which need not be on the other nodes
    If a node wants to play syncronised music, it will share a request with the other nodes
        For each node that joins, the main node will share the file, after checking with the node that it does not have it
        Then, the main node will coordinate the music playing

    There are three phases:
        First, the node sends the request and all the nodes reply
            If two nodes send a request, there is an election
        Second, the node tries to share the file with the ones that don't have it
        Third, the node coordinates the music player
            When the leader node is told to take an action, it will send a message to the other nodes: this action will be taken in UTC whatever time, that time being a few seconds ahead of the node's current time, to give the nodes time to receive the message and take the action

    Scalability:
        We use something like gnutella but for request parties (REDESII P2P slide 15)
        So the nodes are connected to other nodes but not all nodes
        The idea is to have several small music parties as opposed to one big one
        If a node wants to play, they will send a request to neighbouring nodes, these nodes will propagate the request
            All the nodes that accept will share their ip address and port to generate a connection with the host

        Once the host has received enough accepts, the playing party begins
            The playing party begins when either 3 accepts are received or a timeout has passed

Project description
2-3 pages long 
describe the topic, architecture (nodes and their roles), if it is going to have fases
how nodes are going to communicate

Commit message:

Some questions and further ideas

01_notes.md, after:

# To do:
- Ask teacher:
    level of complication:
        + Can we assume all nodes have access to the same music files and just control that they play those music files at the same time?
            We can assume all nodes have all the files. We don't need to do everythimng, but acknowledge the things
        + If not, then we will have a central node
    People behind computers making choices: the nodes will not need to decide all that much.
        + Would that be okay?
            People can make the decisions, don't overthink, have simple scenario
    What exactly do we have to submit for the 15th the topic thing?

# Notes:

Achitecture:
    Decentralised peer to peer

Middleware:
    Sockets
    Not websockets because they are for web
    We will not use message-based systems because we want real-time communication

General idea:
    Each node has their own music files which need not be on the other nodes
    If a node wants to play syncronised music, it will share a request with the other nodes
        For each node that joins, the main node will share the file, after checking with the node that it does not have it
        Then, the main node will coordinate the music playing

    There are three phases:
        First, the node sends the request and all the nodes reply
            If two nodes send a request, there is an election
        Second, the node tries to share the file with the ones that don't have it
        Third, the node coordinates the music player
            When the leader node is told to take an action, it will send a message to the other nodes: this action will be taken in UTC whatever time, that time being a few seconds ahead of the node's current time, to give the nodes time to receive the message and take the action

    Scalability:
        We use something like gnutella but for request parties (REDESII P2P slide 15)
        So the nodes are connected to other nodes but not all nodes
        The idea is to have several small music parties as opposed to one big one
        If a node wants to play, they will send a request to neighbouring nodes, these nodes will propagate the request
            All the nodes that accept will share their ip address and port to generate a connection with the host

        Once the host has received enough accepts, the playing party begins
            The playing party begins when either 3 accepts are received or a timeout has passed

    General ideas for file transfer:
        - One party, one song
        - Each party has a limit of songs to send, for example, five songs per party. Before starting the party, the host node will send all of the songs it wants to play.
        - The party starts when 5 songs have been shared when they are shared, the host can move only between these five songs. While these songs are playing, the host is sharing the rest of the songs in the background
        - How about having playlists? Maybe the host node can chose a playlist and use some bittorrent deal for getting playlists?

    During the party:
        - The host node can skip the current song and chose the songs to play, only within the playing-pool shared
        - Will other nodes be able to make music choices?

Project description
2-3 pages long 
describe the topic, architecture (nodes and their roles), if it is going to have fases
how nodes are going to communicate
